hey guys what is going on it's josh here
with the brick central and say we'll be
reviewing this iphone case right here
this is made in partnership with lego by
Belkin this is actually a Lego baseplate
in there so that's very cool very nice
works for iPhone 5 and 5s and it looks
pretty cool now this does usually retail
for about 40 to 50 dollars depending on
where you get it from I was able to
score it on a sale at $20 on Amazon so
the price can vary very much depending
on where you get it from but for the
most part and seeing it for $40 and that
is here in the US so we're gonna go
ahead and open this up we're going to
see how we can connect the bricks to it
if it works like regular Lego baseplate
or if it doesn't work at all and we're
also gonna see how the foam fits inside
and we're also gonna see how durable it
is and how much you can really protect
yourself uh Bob and there's the front
and go ahead and put the focus and put
the phone in you're gonna start from the
left side you're just gonna try and pop
it in like that there you go your phone
is inside the case all your ports are
easily accessible you have cutouts for
the buttons here to press the buttons to
the 5s by the way so let's go ahead and
let's see raising the volume lowering
the volume putting it on silent so all
the buttons are easy to press we have
our lock screen up here that still works
fine so yeah everything is easy to get
to we're gonna go ahead and try and
build on this in our next clip and see
what we thank you we can put bricks on
here and they come off pretty easily but
not when you shake the phone or anything
like that just when you try and actually
get them off so it's a pretty good case
for that for building on you can stick
cloth on there if we want who's gonna
want to stick that in their pocket but
yeah let's go ahead and try and see how
regular means let's go ahead and put
this minifigure on this is Emmet from
lego movie and yeah I think you would
pretty much come right off going in out
of your pocket
so probably not the best thing you to
put minifigures on there that means said
you can do tons of other stuff with this
great customisable case you know
putting 1 by 1 tiles all the way across
me you look like whatever you want that
would be pretty cool so a great case for
pretty much everyone and if you're a
smaller kid you carry around Lego with
you all the time and you have to have a
5s or r5 pretty cool but uh then you can
just carry some Lego around with you and
then build on your case so yeah guys
this case is going to get an 8 I just
feel like it doesn't protect the phone
all that well I think you could do a
little bit better especially down here
protecting the case and protecting the
phone excuse me but besides that and the
price it's a great case so it's getting
an 8 out of 10 guys hope you guys enjoy
this video please make sure to subscribe
and check out our other videos peace